So in the last video, we created this
simple animation. Uh But what we want to
do is we want to separate these
animations. So what we're going to do
this tutorial is we're actually going to
create a simple player that you can move
around and should match the
animations. So,
let's start. Let
Px equal 80 and
let Py equal 160.
Let ani equal walk. This will
be the type of animation that we're
doing. Now, we're
going to uh
copy that and delete it. And then we're
going to put it down here in a new
function called drawPlayer with X,
Y, and type. Now let's paste it back in
there
like that. Now we're going to call the
function up here with px and py
and ani as the parameters, like
that. Now
inside the drawPlayer function, we want
to select our own uh
animation. So if type equals walk,
then we are going to do the walk
animation. So spidx is going to equal
animation mod two plus
three. If you look at the uh
image, it's going to be three. And
then else if type equals jump, we're
going to do spidx
equals two, it looks
like. Yeah, two.
Then otherwise we're doing the idle
animation. So spidx equals
math.floor animation divided by five.
This is just going to slow down. that
animation and then modulo 2.
We don't need to add anything since the
idle animation is at the beginning. So
then we can remove this SPIDX
set up here.
And you should always check those.
That was very helpful. I forgot
an equal sign there. There needs to be an
extra equal sign. So now we're going to
update the x and y down here to
fit that. And now when we click Run,
uhWe see
that we get the walk animation, but when
we change Annie to idle, we're going to
get this nice idle
animation.